Add iOS source context info to RN debug symbols page (#7143)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/upload-debug.mdx

Upload the [Android ProGuard/R8 mapping files and native symbols](/platforms/android/proguard/) by the recommended method of using our Gradle integration.

## Uploading With Xcode

> Build phase [`Upload Debug Symbols to Sentry`](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/manual-setup/#upload-debug-symbols-to-sentry) uses `sentry-cli` to upload native iOS debug symbols. To enable [Source Context](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/data-management/debug-files/source-context/) you can use `SENTRY_INCLUDE_NATIVE_SOURCES=true` environmental variable set before build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build phase [`Upload Debug Symbols to Sentry`](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/manual-setup/#upload-debug-symbols-to-sentry) uses `sentry-cli` to upload native iOS debug symbols. To enable [Source Context](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/data-management/debug-files/source-context/), set `SENTRY_INCLUDE_NATIVE_SOURCES=true` environmental before build.
```

Reviewer: `l`: maybe also link to https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/apple/dsym/#sentry-cli

Author: Maybe we can link it right away in the manual setup docs.
https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/pull/7151

> Build phase [`Upload Debug Symbols to Sentry`](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/manual-setup/#upload-debug-symbols-to-sentry) uses `sentry-cli` to upload native iOS debug symbols. To enable [Source Context](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/data-management/debug-files/source-context/) you can use `SENTRY_INCLUDE_NATIVE_SOURCES=true` environmental variable set before build.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To upload native iOS debug symbols, set up a Run Script build phase for uploading debug symbols to Sentry with the Sentry CLI. You can find documentation for this on the [Manual Configuration](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/manual-setup/#upload-debug-symbols-to-sentry) page.

To enable [Source Context](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/data-management/debug-files/source-context/) set `SENTRY_INCLUDE_NATIVE_SOURCES=true` before the build.
```

Reviewer 2: Alternative phrasing to put the user's objective first.
